---
layout: post
title: Go Mobile
date: 2013-08-26
category: code
excerpt: Frustrated that I can't use _Go_ shortcuts in Safari on the soon-to-be-released iOS 7 iPhone operating system, I wrote this little search box that I have bookmarked on my home screen. 
---

<a href="http://natebeatty.com/GoMobile">Go Mobile Project Site</a>

As an Apple Developer, I have been testing iOS 7 for a few months now. I really like many aspects of it, including the new Safari omnibar. In iOS 7, the search bar and URL bar are not seperated like they are in iOS 6. Instead, there is only one bar that detects whether you type a URL or a google search and either searches or goes to your intended website. This feature functions just like the "omnibar" in the desktop versions of Safari and Chrome.

<h3 style="text-align: center;"><a style="font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; color: #333366; margin: 20px auto; font-size: 30px;" href="http://go.middlebury.edu/gotionary.php">The GOtionary</a></h3>

Remember the [post](/code/2012/10/27/middlebury-go-plugins.html) I wrote a while back about the Middlebury _Go_ shortcut system? If you need a refresher about how that works, [check it out here](/code/2012/10/27/middlebury-go-plugins.html).

It turns out that mobile Safari on iOS 7 interprets "go/" as a google search. Because I don't want to have to type in "go.middlebury.edu/" instead of "go/" every time I want to use a _Go_ shortcut, I wrote a little mobile site with a _Go_ system search box to make the process easier. Head to [natebeatty.com/GoMobile](http://natebeatty.com/GoMobile) on your smartphone to check it out. Using mobile Safari, add the page to your homescreen so that it appears as an icon on your phone, just like an app. Now, anytime you want to do a "go/" search when you are on the Middlebury campus, tap the icon and enter your _Go_ search term into the box on the mobile site. It'll open the appropriate redirected page in Safari.

Boom! Another crafty _Go_ shortcut workaround.

Enjoy!

PS: As always, feel free to hit me up with questions, comments, or improvements. [nate.beatty@gmail.com](mailto:nate.beatty@gmail.com)